docs/tutorial.rst, before:

========================
Download the tutorials
========================

Once you have installed QuCumber, we recommend going through our tutorial that
is divided into two parts.

#. Training a Wavefunction to reconstruct a positive-real wavefunction (i.e.
   no phase) from a transverse-field Ising model (TFIM) and then generating new
   data.

#. Training an Wavefunction to reconstruct a complex wavefunction (i.e. with a
   phase) from a simple two qubit random state and then generating new data.

We have made interactive python notebooks that can be downloaded (along with
the data required) `here`__. Note that the linked examples are from the most
recent stable release (relative to the version of the docs you're currently
viewing), and may not match the examples shown in the following pages.
It is recommended that you refer to documentation for the latest stable
release: https://qucumber.readthedocs.io/en/stable/.

__ Release_

If you wish to simply view the static, non-interactive notebooks, continue to
the next page of the documentation.

Alternatively, you can view interactive notebooks online at: |BinderBadge|_,
though they may be slow.

Commit message:

Develop (#76)
* Fixed CPU Reference Bug (#58)

* Fixed CPU Reference Bug

* Ran black

* Ran black

* Renyi entropy observable implemented and tested over small chains

* Rename EntanglementEntropy to RenyiEntropy, and run black

* Ee observable (#69)

This fix a formatter error in CI. Remember to tail your white spaces guys!

* Improve Test Cov, rename some base classes Wavefunction etc.  (#71)

* add docstring

* add test for observables

* fix flake8 check

* run black

* add license header

* add Dan's patch

* run black

* add tests for observables

* add some new tests

* run black

* renames

* correct name conventions in examples,tests

* renaming

* fixed all name changes

* fix docs

* fix ci

* fix ci

* fixing NaN in KL

* improve speed (#75)

* improve speed

* rm another einsum, no more einsum pls

* run black

* add tests for observables (#74)

* add tests for observables

* fix pauli z

* fix error

* Fix missing file error

docs/tutorial.rst, after:

========================
Download the tutorials
========================

Once you have installed QuCumber, we recommend going through our tutorial that
is divided into two parts.

#. Training a wave function to reconstruct a positive-real wave function (i.e.
   no phase) from a transverse-field Ising model (TFIM) and then generating new
   data.

#. Training an wave function to reconstruct a complex wave function (i.e. with a
   phase) from a simple two qubit random state and then generating new data.

We have made interactive python notebooks that can be downloaded (along with
the data required) `here`__. Note that the linked examples are from the most
recent stable release (relative to the version of the docs you're currently
viewing), and may not match the examples shown in the following pages.
It is recommended that you refer to documentation for the latest stable
release: https://qucumber.readthedocs.io/en/stable/.

__ Release_

If you wish to simply view the static, non-interactive notebooks, continue to
the next page of the documentation.

Alternatively, you can view interactive notebooks online at: |BinderBadge|_,
though they may be slow.
